[Music]
hi my name is Sarah deechi today I
decided to jump out of a plane this is
me contemplating the line I acknowledge
that there is a possibility of injury or
death fantastic well this guy didn't die
so any crazy I mean I did break my leg
once weight broke her leg broke her leg
am I going to break my leg jump
we're going to be sitting in the
airplane on the floor you'll be sitting
right we're gonna fall out of an
airplane guys falling out of an airplane
three hundred and thirty miles they're
really here we go guys
I'm gonna set my right foot out on the
step put your right foot right on the
inside of mine make sure it's on the
step arms in the harness head back we're
gonna roll out as soon as we roll out
I'm kick kick back your feet you keep
your arms and your harness keep your
head back when you feel me tap you on
the shoulder I'm gonna have you sit
right here with your back against
[Music]
here goes nothing
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys thank you so much for watching
this video if you want to win a gear VR
headset I'm giving away one all you have
to do is hit that share button at the
bottom of the video on Twitter keep that
hashtag gear VR giveaway in the tweet
and I'm going to pick one random person
in a week on July 4th so thank you again
so much for watching this video and I
will see you guys in the next one